Smackdown vs. Raw 2006 on PSP: Loading Time Analysis
Published on February 26, 2006.
Now, I don’t own a PSP, but if I did, I’d be very pissed if my game took more than 6 minutes to actually get to the game.
I can probably complete a whole circuit of Mario Kart in 6 minutes!
I’d be doubly pissed if I waited all that time to play a wrestling game!
Some wonderfully pissed person has made a video showing exactly how long it takes to load Smackdown vs. Raw 2006 on a PSP.
Thankfully, they overlay the audio with the music from Benny Hill, which makes it somewhat bearable.
I believe the issue here is that the designers of the game decided to put all of the crap that was in the PS2 version and just stick it into the PSP without considering anything.
Instead of making a game for the PSP, they just crammed too much in there.
My favorite part of the video is where it takes about 10 seconds for the game to load up… the loading screen!
Seriously, how can you PSP owners put up with this?
Get a DS already!